We're
going to remove the legs from this lamb.
I've got it
hanging off the end of the table
so that I'm going to use gravity
to help me kind of
peel the meat away from the bone here.
This is our aitch bone or pelvis. OK.
The tenderloin was sitting in here.
OK, in the top of that bone is right here.
And that you can see even this line of fat
here, the meat comes down here,
and that's going to be where
I'm aiming to separate this leg.
Now I'm going to switch
to a dagger grip here,
and I'm going to start to work down
this hip bone.
Now I'm using just the end of the knife
here to work my way around.
And now I'm into the ball joint here.
So this is the ball joint for the leg
and you can see it
kind of where it moves. OK.
Before I move any further, I'm
going to split my legs into two legs.
Back to that dagger grip.
I'm just going to follow the structure
of the bone
here.
So I'm working
very closely against that bone,
so that all the meat that can be on
the muscle
side is on the muscle side, that's what's
going to make sure our portion's great
and my food cost works out too.
So nice and clean here.
The other thing when we're doing butchery.
Use your non-knife
hand to figure out where you are.
Is there a bone there? Sure, there is.
I can feel it so that I know
that I've got to trace around it.
Finished that knife cut through.
And there you have.
Lamb leg.
So you can see it's nice and straight.
We've got the end of it.
And that fat cap was
right against the tail here.